c:\users\pedro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\BibliotecaPedro.dll.config
c:\users\pedro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\BibliotecaPedro.dll
c:\users\pedro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\BibliotecaPedro.pdb
c:\users\pedro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\pedro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\pedro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\pedro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\pedro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\pedro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\pedro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\pedro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\pedro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\pedro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\pedro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\pedro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\pedro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\pedro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\pedro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\pedro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\pedro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\pedro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\pedro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\pedro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\pedro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\pedro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\pedro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\pedro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\pedro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\obj\Debug\BibliotecaPedro.dll
c:\users\pedro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\obj\Debug\BibliotecaPedro.pdb
c:\users\pedro\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\obj\Debug\BibliotecaPedro.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Pedro\Desktop\Projeto_Pratico__Pedro\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\BibliotecaPedro.dll.config
C:\Users\Pedro\Desktop\Projeto_Pratico__Pedro\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\BibliotecaPedro.dll
C:\Users\Pedro\Desktop\Projeto_Pratico__Pedro\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\BibliotecaPedro.pdb
C:\Users\Pedro\Desktop\Projeto_Pratico__Pedro\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Pedro\Desktop\Projeto_Pratico__Pedro\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Pedro\Desktop\Projeto_Pratico__Pedro\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Pedro\Desktop\Projeto_Pratico__Pedro\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Pedro\Desktop\Projeto_Pratico__Pedro\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Pedro\Desktop\Projeto_Pratico__Pedro\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Pedro\Desktop\Projeto_Pratico__Pedro\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Pedro\Desktop\Projeto_Pratico__Pedro\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Pedro\Desktop\Projeto_Pratico__Pedro\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Pedro\Desktop\Projeto_Pratico__Pedro\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Pedro\Desktop\Projeto_Pratico__Pedro\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Pedro\Desktop\Projeto_Pratico__Pedro\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Pedro\Desktop\Projeto_Pratico__Pedro\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Pedro\Desktop\Projeto_Pratico__Pedro\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Pedro\Desktop\Projeto_Pratico__Pedro\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Pedro\Desktop\Projeto_Pratico__Pedro\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Pedro\Desktop\Projeto_Pratico__Pedro\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Pedro\Desktop\Projeto_Pratico__Pedro\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Pedro\Desktop\Projeto_Pratico__Pedro\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Pedro\Desktop\Projeto_Pratico__Pedro\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Pedro\Desktop\Projeto_Pratico__Pedro\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Pedro\Desktop\Projeto_Pratico__Pedro\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Pedro\Desktop\Projeto_Pratico__Pedro\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Pedro\Desktop\Projeto_Pratico__Pedro\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Pedro\Desktop\Projeto_Pratico__Pedro\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\obj\Debug\BibliotecaPedro.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Pedro\Desktop\Projeto_Pratico__Pedro\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\obj\Debug\BibliotecaPedro.dll
C:\Users\Pedro\Desktop\Projeto_Pratico__Pedro\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\obj\Debug\BibliotecaPedro.pdb
D:\Pedro\Projeto_Pratico__Pedro\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\BibliotecaPedro.dll.config
D:\Pedro\Projeto_Pratico__Pedro\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\BibliotecaPedro.dll
D:\Pedro\Projeto_Pratico__Pedro\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\BibliotecaPedro.pdb
D:\Pedro\Projeto_Pratico__Pedro\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\Pedro\Projeto_Pratico__Pedro\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\Pedro\Projeto_Pratico__Pedro\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\Pedro\Projeto_Pratico__Pedro\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\Pedro\Projeto_Pratico__Pedro\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Pedro\Projeto_Pratico__Pedro\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\Pedro\Projeto_Pratico__Pedro\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\Pedro\Projeto_Pratico__Pedro\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\Pedro\Projeto_Pratico__Pedro\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\Pedro\Projeto_Pratico__Pedro\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\Pedro\Projeto_Pratico__Pedro\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\Pedro\Projeto_Pratico__Pedro\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\Pedro\Projeto_Pratico__Pedro\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\Pedro\Projeto_Pratico__Pedro\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\Pedro\Projeto_Pratico__Pedro\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\Pedro\Projeto_Pratico__Pedro\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\Pedro\Projeto_Pratico__Pedro\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\Pedro\Projeto_Pratico__Pedro\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
D:\Pedro\Projeto_Pratico__Pedro\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\Pedro\Projeto_Pratico__Pedro\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\Pedro\Projeto_Pratico__Pedro\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\Pedro\Projeto_Pratico__Pedro\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\Pedro\Projeto_Pratico__Pedro\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
D:\Pedro\Projeto_Pratico__Pedro\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Pedro\Projeto_Pratico__Pedro\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\obj\Debug\BibliotecaPedro.dll
D:\Pedro\Projeto_Pratico__Pedro\BibliotecaPedro\BibliotecaPedro\obj\Debug\BibliotecaPedro.pdb
